docs: add explicit initial setup instructions (#1065)
endojs/endo: MAINTAINERS.md

# Initial setup

```
git clone git@github.com:endojs/endo.git
cd endo
yarn
```

> Yarn workspaces are used. Running yarn in the root will install and hoist dependencies in the ./node_modules and not in packages themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Endo is a yarn workspaces repository. Running yarn in the root will install and hoist most dependencies up to the root `node_modules` and instead of the packages themselves.
```

> Note: running yarn --ignore-scripts will not complete the setup of SES

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: running yarn `--ignore-scripts` will not complete the setup of SES.
```

> Note: lerna is used only for releasing. lerna bootstrap is unlikely to work as expected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Endo uses `lerna` only for releasing. `lerna bootstrap` is unlikely to work.
```

> ## Rebuilding ses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rebuilding `ses`
```

> When you make changes to ses and want them reflected in tests of other packages where `import 'ses';` is used, you need to go to /packages/ses and run `yarn` there to get it to build.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to `ses` require a `yarn build` to be reflected in any dependency where `import 'ses';` appears. Use `yarn build` under `packages/ses` to refresh the build.
```
